an American coverage of Ebola local
doctors and nurses become bold names but
we rarely consider the thousands of West
African healthcare workers treating
patients on the frontlines national
nurses united is demanding safer
conditions for us nurses so what is our
biggest shortcomings in the United
States well you don't have a single
uniform standard that's optimal
protection for our ends and it isn't
mandated what we've got now is CDC
guidelines and it's sort of a
smorgasbord the hospital's get to pick
and choose and we know from experience
as nurses that doesn't end well for us
why should Americans care about the
conditions that health care workers are
facing in Liberia if you fancy yourself
a person who really feels if I take care
of myself that's my duty and then
everything else will fall into place
then if you want to take care of
yourself you need to care would you say
if you stem it there it will take care
of the rest of the world it's really
accurate yeah they've been able to do it
for years they contain what they call
chains of the infected there are so many
chains now they can't keep them straight
what can we as Americans do to get you
guys the proper supplies well you can
sign the petition at national nurses
united org you can apply pressure on the
President and Congress to get the monies
and the people where they need to be and
to make those other countries comply to
I mean we work with them in many other
areas that they should see this as a
healthcare crisis that it is for the
world you can also I think step up our
action on climate change as if we were
moving anywhere on climate change and
then change some of those neoliberal
policies it's not an accident that Ebola
is a crisis you know the drought the
deforestation that we have you know can
you talk about that on the shelf and
there was an article in Scientific
American i think in 08 maybe june of 08
and they talked about the diseases that
could run rampant and Ebola was
mentioned yeah so it's not like we
haven't had plenty of warnings the
nurses here are sounding the warning
bell here the nurses in Africa are
saying please help us they've been
decimated in Liberia they call it they
don't call it Ebola they